Add: new meeting notes (#164)
datproject/comm-comm: meeting-notes/58-16Jul2020.md

### Dat Event Updates

- Diego: There was a lot of progress on the site, put a lot up there. Closed the CFP, got a tentative schedule. Sent a lot of emails to speakers. They are aware they have been selected. You can register to the event there. If you wanna be part of a workshop or talk. If you wanna be there for the Q&A, it's highly recommended to register but it's not mandatory. Will try to stream the event using YouTube. If you go there you can see the agenda and how to register. https://events.dat.foundation/2020/
- Diego: We published a new blog post introducing the event. There you can read about the ideas and motivations behind the event with some sort of context. At the beginning of the year we were thinking of doing it in person, then corona changed things so we'll be online. This is interesting because we can have speakers and attendees from around the world easily. Feel free to check it out. If you want to help us spread the word, tell your friends about it! https://blog.datproject.org/2020/07/15/dat-community-ecosystem-conf-2020/

### Name change

- Hrishikesh: The name change was recent, is it happening everywhere, what is it for?

> - mauve: 2 pieces. org and technical side. A couple of years ago there was a WG, but there were few maintainers. It wasnt clear who and how was the process around making progress and developing new features. With the new tech org things should be more explicit. There is also a tech change, mathias and andrew change things like how the P2P net works and the FS interaction, so this was breaking. There is also the community side of it, there are some people with interest of keeping this side alive too, there is a consortium helping with moving away from CS&S to OC. Still a bit messy but still a work in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mauve: 2 pieces. org and technical side. A couple of years ago there was a WG for the dat protocol, but it ended up going inactive. It wasn't clear how the process around making progress and developing new features was working. With the new tech org things should be more explicit for the hypercore-protocol module development / decision making. There is also a tech change, mathias and andrew updated the wire protocol, FS structure, and p2p networking, so this was breaking. Having a new protocol helps make the breaking change clear. There is also the community side of it, there are some people with interest of keeping this side alive too, there is a consortium helping with moving away from CS&S to Open Collective. Dat could potentially be the community of projects building on the tech. Still a bit messy but still a work in progress.
```

- mauve: maybe it was `dat-dot`. You join this network and say "hi anyone can store this data for me?" So its like a _peers-store-service_. There is also a ratio crypto currency idea. Peers share disk. Similar to filecoin. [`dat-store`](https://github.com/datproject/dat-store/) is another alternative for keeping things up.
- Farah: Interpreted it differently. Two things: What doing now is abstracting away from the user. Individuals would download my version of the browser and click a toggle. Automatically selecting people to host content based on geolocation. What I thought you were doing was more so where content creators if they post a website, and if people wanted to take it further and say "I have a product with dynamic content - ecommerce", instead of using AWS, they could have a specific space that's dedicated to like a database.
- Mauve: Like own content or others?
- Farah: Thinking of multiple writers.

> - mauve: there is this idea of  a module for having automatic multi writers, layer a bunch of hyperdrives on top of each other. You can query it using this lib. That's kind of a module that would like to put it out and use in other places like natakanu and agregore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- mauve: there is this idea of  a module for having automatic multi writers, layer a bunch of hyperdrives on top of each other. You can query it using this lib. Going to be [multi-hyperdrive](https://github.com/RangerMauve/multi-hyperdrive/) That's kind of a module that would like to put it out and use in other places like natakanu and agregore.
```
